*Task 10*

What losing weight does to your body and brain....??

Losing excess weight also reduces strain on the blood vessels, increases blood flow to the brain, and boosts overall brain function. Several studies have shown that people who underwent weight-loss surgery saw an improvement in memory, concentration, and problem-solving skills in as soon as three months.

During the 1st week, we may find it easy to lose weight by simply switching to a healthier diet. But as our metabolism adjusts, we won't burn as many calories as we used to. So, losing additional weight will become harder. Making matters worse as the fat melts away we will start to experience an increase in appetite.

After a meal, fat cells release a hormone called leptin into the blood stream. This surge in leptin levels signals to oue brain we are full and should stop eating. But with less overall fat, people who lose weight show a measurable dip in leptin.

Brain scans of obese patients who had lose 10% of their body weight revealed less leptin leads to increased activity in regions of the brain that control our desire to eat. The end result isnt just an increased appetite but an even stronger urge to eat fatty, high calorie foods because our brain is trying to restore the body's leptin levels to normal.

What are the effects of losing excess weight....??

Losing just one pound of bodyweight reduces four pounds of pressure on knee joints.
Losing excess weight also reduces strain on the blood vessels, increases blood flow to the brain and boosts overall brain function.

Benefits of underwent weight loss surgery....!!!

People done these saw improvement in memory, concentration, and problem solving skills in just 3 months.
Also, brain scans indicate that people who lost weight and kept it off for 9 months reacted differently when shown images of high calorie foods than before they lost weight.

So, fighting those cravings early on might make them easier to control later. Turns out - like anything else - losing weight can get easier with practice.

By my opinion, Intermittent Fasting + daily workout change our life.
I used to be really fat. I was on the verge of developing serious health conditions. I remember not being able to tie my shoelaces and my sleep suffered as well. My life changed when I finally set my mind to the thinking that anything is possible if you decide so. I took a meal plan to start with. I created it online, on dietarize, which was super helpful to me. I didn't have to worry about calories, macros, nutrients and all that stuff, I just focused on walking long distances and exercising after I got on a level where I could do some simple workouts. I hope my story will inspire you to do the same. To change your body you must first change your mind....!!!