*Task 14B*

Stories Behind Iconic Logos 

We know brands by their logos visual calling cards that are instantly identifiable at least if its a good one. The really good ones tell a story and make an impact that changes the way.

Some of the top brands stories are as follows:

1) Golden Arches : 
One of the most recognizable logos in the world. Their story didn't start in a corporate boardroom but instead can be traced back to when McDonald's was just a small barbecue stand in California owned by brothers Richard and Maurice McDonald. In the 1940s, when the brothers realized that most of their sales were coming from hamburgers, they simplified their menu and focused on pioneering the fast-food system. This new streamlined process proved successful. Business was so good. In fact that, in 1952, the brothers decided to open a second
location. They wanted their new store to be eye-catching but they also wanted to create an environment that encouraged customers to come in finish their meal promptly and then go about their day. The brothers worked with an architect named. Stanley Clark mestan to design the new location richard quickly sketched half circle arches to convey a sense of movement and speed and mestan took it. From there they liked it so much that the arch design became a requirement for every franchisee. McDonald's opened in the 1950s. By the 1960s McDonald's was looking to change its branding and attempts were made to create a fresh new logo but it was Jim Schindler, the company's head of engineering and design, who repurposed the golden arches into a
stylized M. Even as the company's branding has changed with the times the golden arches have remained a crucial part of the McDonald's brand with 86 percent overall awareness in the top 10
countries the McDonald's surveyed. In 2004 according to Steven bun worthy in the US the farthest you can possibly be from a McDonald's location is 107 miles so whether it's highway rest stops or busy city escapes you can't get very far without seeing those golden arches harkening back to it mean between two brothers who inherited a family business over 75 years ago.

2) Nike : 
Nike Shoe is clean and clear immediately evokes images of quickness and athleticism. The Nike brand is worth over 26 billion dollars but it may surprise us to find out that the logo only cost 35 bucks. In 1971, Carolyn Davidson, a graphic design student at Portland State University, was mentioning to a friend outside of class. One day that she couldn't afford to take an oil painting class one of the associate professors Phil Knight happened to be walking by and overheard Knight ask Davidson if she'd be interested in doing some freelance work for Blue Ribbon Sports. A company he co-founded with track coach Bill Bowerman Davidson agreed at the rate of $2 an hour. Part of the assignment was to come up with a logo for a shoe brand that they were working on Knight wanted it to convey movement in motion and Davidson's job was to make Knight happy while moving away from his obsession with the adidas logo Davidson tried hundreds of ideas and while she admits that she doesn't quite know how long it took she only charged for 17 and a half hours of work she'd sketched logos out on tissue paper and put them over shoes to see if they worked on the shoe itself when Davidson presented her team members with various designs nothing was particularly well received but Knight kept coming back to the first design of the lot the infamous swoosh the brand was given the name Nike and it took over a decade for Davidson to get the recognition she deserved but in 1983 Nike threw a party in her honour and presented her with a diamond-encrusted gold ring with the swoosh on it along with five hundred shares of Nike stock now worth well over $600,000.

3) Apple : 
Apple arguably the most famous tech company in the world known for its focus on simplicity and function doesn't have a clear and obvious history for its iconic logo. One urban legend insists that the Apple itself is intended to evoke the forbidden fruit of the tree of knowledge from the book of Genesis another says it's a sly reference to Alan Turing, the grandfather of computing, his research broke German codes. During World War II prosecuted for his homosexuality Turing committed suicide by eating the Apple poisoned with cyanide rob jenn off the creator of the logo admits that he doesn't know the exact reason why Apple is named Apple but suggested it's possibly because Steve Jobs once lived on a farm in Northern California with an apple orchard a look back at the very first Apple logo might provide a touch more clarity on this the first logo was designed by Apple's co-founder Ronald Wayne this logo features a hand-drawn illustration of Sir Isaac Newton's sitting under an apple tree with the conspicuous Apple hanging right above him according to legend Newton devised the theory of gravity after being struck by a falling Apple the idea was solid even if the logo itself was complex but Steve Jobs wasn't really a huge fan so they hired Jan off in 1977 to design a simpler one the initial version featured rainbow stripes according to John off the rainbow colours were added to make the products look more user-friendly appealing to schoolchildren and to emphasize the apples whose ability to show images and colour the logo was undergone only the slightest of changes over the years and is easily one of the most identifiable in history but it does make one wonder if the Apple doesn't represent Eve or Alan Turing why is there a bite taken out of it. In a 2016 interview Rob Jan offered a simple explanation I was going for the silhouette of an Apple but to make it look more like an apple and not some other round fruit. 

4) FedEx : FedEx logo we all know  and love had a long journey to fruition the first logo created in the early 1970s by Richard Runyan showcased him thick letters the company's full name Federal Express that logo was certainly bold but it looked a bit too much like something out of Tron to age very well. In 1994 designer from the brand consulting agency Landor associates by the name of Lyndon leader began work on a new simplified design focused on clarity in an interview published in the laws of subtraction leaders said this about the FedEx logo early sketches always have too much going on too much to think about and too much extraneous stuff. I slowly begin to remove things but it's always the final one that's far more simple and far more clear than the more elaborate ones I labored over at the beginning once FedEx approved changing their name leaders team got to work everyone knows that the FedEx logo features a hidden spoon but did you know there's also a hidden arrow as leader was experimenting with fonts he noticed the outline of an arrow up here between the E and the X using two different fonts as a base he tweaked the kerning until the arrow appeared to fit naturally but not everyone understood that the value of the design was how understated it was in that same interview leader recounts FedEx's PR firm immediately wanted to supersize it they wanted to make it obvious fill it in with another colour they didn't get it. It wasn't about the arrow. An arrow wasn't even interesting to look at it's only because of the subtlety that it's intriguing luckily for FedEx and design trivia connoisseurs everywhere good sense one out and leaders design went on to become a legend in the logo world he says the most rewarding aspect of the design is when children first see the arrow by themselves have pointed out to their parents that kind of recognition is exactly what branding and logo design are all about.

Skillshare is other site where we can build our own logos. This helps us to do it easily.
