*Task 18B*

7 MOST DIFFICULT Interview Questions & ANSWERS...!!!

Q1) Why should we hire you...??
Tip 1 : It is essential you show how you can ADD VALUE to their business if they hire you.
Tip 2 : Talk about learning the role quickly, helping their business to grow and being totally focused on continuous improvement and progression.

"I believe you should hire me because I have the necessary skills and qualities to come into the job and make an immediate impact.
	I will learn the role quickly and I will start contributing to the team goals in as fast a time as possible. I will need little supervision and I will always focus on helping the team progress, improve and develop.
	By hiring me, you will be getting a loyal, trustworthy and hard-working team member who will put the goa of the company above everything else."

Q2) What is your greatest weakness...??
Tip 1 : Do not give a weakness that is a match for the job description.
Tip 2 : Instead, give a weakness that shows you are human, but that you are also taking steps to improve upon that weakness.

"My weakness is I find it hard to say no to people.
	For example, even when I don't have the capacity to take on extra work, I still end up saying yes to people because I don't want to let them down.
	However, I am trying to improve in this area, and before I say yes to things, I am now starting to take the time to consider my own workload and the capacity I have to take on extra duties."

Q3) Tell me something you didn't like about your last job...??
Tip 1 : Do not be negative about work colleagues or your former boss!
Tip 2 : Talk casually about something that perhaps frustrated you about your last job, but also mention some positive things, too.

"There wasn't much that I didn't like about my last job, although I did feel we could have achieved a lot more as a company if we'd have tried.
	The business was very good at what it did, but I always felt we could have done more to boost company sales and revenue.
	Having said that, it was a great place to work and I really enjoyed my time whilst I was there. I worked alongside lots of positive people and I was continually learning in the role, which was important to me."

Q4) How would you deal with conflict with a co worker...??
Tip 1 : Do not say you would leave the conflict for your boss to sort out!
Tip 2 : The interviewer wants to hear that you would take steps to resolve the conflict with your co-worker in a mature and amicable manner.

"I would seek to resolve the conflict immediately for the sake of our working relationship, and for the sake of the team.
	If you leave conflict, it can grow and develop into something much worse, so I would get it rectified straight away. I would speak to my co-worker in private to get to the bottom of the problem, and I would suggest a way forward that we were both comfortable with.
	We both might need to compromise, but I would certainly push the idea that the conflict we were experiencing was counter-productive to our combined teams' goals."

Q5) Why did you leave your last job...??
Tip 1 : Do not mention anything negative that may have occurred in your last job.
Tip 2 : Good reasons to give for leaving your last job include, a change of working environment, wanting to progress yourself further and seeking to work for a new company that has ambitious plans.

"I left my last job for two reasons. The first reason was, I felt like I was ready for a new and fresh challenge where my skills and qualities would be pushed a little further.
	My employer was fantastic, but I felt like I had reached the limit of progression. The second reason I left was because I wanted to work for a new and ambitious company that had excited plans for the future.
	I'm a positive person and I want to feel like I am continually growing and developing in my work and those are the reasons why I decided to leave."

Q6) Where do you see yourself in five years...??
Tip 1 : Do not mention that you plan to move on anywhere else within the first 5 years of working for them.
Tip 2 : Hiring and training staff takes time, energy and money, so it makes perfect sense for the hiring manager to want to employ someone who is going to stay working for their company for a lengthy period of time.

"I am at the stage in my career where long-term employment with the same company would be extremely beneficial.
	I have personal plans outside of work, and the only way I will achieve these is if I stay with the same company long term, and that I perform to a high standard in my job role.
	I have studied your company in detail, and I like what I see.
	In five years, I plan to still be working for you as a reliable, trustworthy and productive employee who is seen as an integral part of the team's performance.

Q7) Why do you want work for us...??
Tip 1 : It is imperative you mention in your answer that you have conducted some research into their company.
Tip 2 : In your answer to this difficult interview question, talk about how you are attracted to their values and their plans for the future.

"I carried out some research into your company before submitting my resume and I was attracted to your company values, what you stand for and how you have ambitious plans for the future.
	We spend a lot of time at work, and as such it's important for me to work for a company that is going places, that does things to a high standard and that wants to continually improve and develop.
	As someone who also has high standards, I believe both your goals and my own aspirations will be a perfect match."